d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.exe
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.deps.json
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.runtimeconfig.json
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.dll
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.pdb
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\bin\Debug\net6.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\aula-dev-week.styles.css
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.dll
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\aula-dev-week.dll
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.pdb
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\aula-dev-week.genruntimeconfig.cache
d:\OneDrive\PROGRAMAÇÃO\DIO.me\Semana Dev-Week .NET\aula-dev-week\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\aula-dev-week.dll
